First filming scene of the second day is Yves’ solo dance scene!
Yves: I don’t know well...
Yves: But I think it’s gonna be a solo dance scene.
Yves: Because the whole place look like that and there is a ballet bar
Yves: Solo dance scene!
Yves’ dance fills the entire space of the studio.
HaSeul: Hi, Yves~
HaSeul: We’re monitoring you diligently downstairs~
Kim Lip: Definitely!
Yves: Aren’t you hanging out?
HaSeul: (Embarrassed) No way~ We didn’t hang out~
Kim Lip: No, no~
HaSeul: You looked really pretty in the monitor
Kim Lip: I saw, too. You looked nice~
KIm Lip: Like a ballerina.
Kim Lip: How can I say…
Kim LIp: Like a girl who chases the dream~
Yves: Because we’re girls
(Conclusion: We’re girls!)
(Taking a commemorative photograph!)
(But.. there’s just a little height difference between them…)
'HaSeul, stand on your toes'